### function length property

This took me an hour to understand but
basically the code in the the ts file uses
the `funcion.length` property to determine
what kind of behavior the calling function --
that requires function definitions as
arguments -- will be called, relative to the
parameters in their signature.

I this case, for example, `handler` functions
that are dfined at the `ask` function's call
time, are checked whether they were defined
with parameters o not; done through the
`hancdler` function's `.length` property and
if they were defined with parameters to always
pass the `cofirm`'s result into them as an
argument, and then do something with the
return type (I actually haven't really
understood exactly whether they specifically
wanted a return type or just wanted to alert
the argument passed, but I'm just logging it my
decision, the explanation is cumbersome).
Otherwise, if it wasn't defined with
parameters then it will only be run if the
value of the `confirm` function was true.